Authentication flow (#10)
neocoaster/react-native-boilerplate: README.md

- **[Axios Case Converter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios-case-converter)**
Axios transformer/interceptor that converts snake_case to camelCase, useful for converting urls from the frontend to valid ones in the backend.

- **[password-validator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/password-validator)**
Used to validate the password on the authentication flow.

- **[react-native-responsive-fontsize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-responsive-fontsize)**

> Used to have responsive fontsize in the app.

Reviewer: I wouldn't repeat the same formula "Used to blah blah..." as the module above. Instead I'd go with something like "Makes font sizes responsive".

In the above case, you're navigating to the Media screen, which is in a navigator nested inside the Sound screen, which is in a navigator nested inside the Files screen.

Here you can found more information about [good practices](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/nesting-navigators/#best-practices-when-nesting) when nesting navigators.

- **Splash Screnn and Icons**

> The app already have configured a splash screen and a set of icons for iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app already has a splash screen configured, as well as a set of icons for iOS and Android.
```

> If you need to change the preconfig icons you should do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the included icons you should do the following:
```

- iOS: via Xcode, go to the `Images.xcassets`, create a new set of images named `AppIcon` and then drag your folder with the new icons. You can create your set of icons for iOS using: `https://appicon.co/`

> - Android: go to `android/app/src/main/res` and drag your set of folders with the new icons, you should have a set of `mipmap` folders, one for each resolution. You can crete your set here: `https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/icons-launcher.html`, don't forget to create rounded ones. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Android: go to `android/app/src/main/res` and drag your set of folders with the new icons, you should have a set of `mipmap` folders, one for each resolution. You can create your set here: `https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/icons-launcher.html`, don't forget to create rounded ones. 
```

# Authentication Flow Integrated with the Node Boilerplate

> This app comes with an authentication flow already integrated with our node boilerplate. The methods we provide are: Login, Sign up and Logout. The app does not show the `Welcome` screen if the user is not logged in and have a token stored on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app comes with an authentication flow already integrated with our node boilerplate. The methods we provide are: Login, Sign up and Logout. The app does not show the `Welcome` screen if the user is not logged in and has a token stored on the device.
```
